Use watt in example (#19248)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/template.markdown

### Multiline Example With an `if` Test

> This example shows a multiple line template with an `if` test. It looks at a sensing switch and shows `on`/`off` in the frontend, and shows 'standby' if the power use is less than 1000Watts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows a multiple line template with an `if` test. It looks at a sensing switch and shows `on`/`off` in the frontend, and shows 'standby' if the power use is less than 1000 watts.
```
